Good morning!
Um...
I don't think we've met.
Th-The woman with the magazine
about tied-up girls in uniforms!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
THE KOUHAI IS AN (HEALTHY) ONEE-SAN
As of today, I'm working here.
I'm Amano Miu.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Nice to meet you!
Actually, afterwards,
she came for the part-time job ad.
And you hired her on the spot?
I didn't know either until just now.
I was shocked.
My apologies for causing all that trouble.
This isn't very tactful,
but why did you choose this shop?
When I came in as a customer,
it seemed like such a fun place.
I was attracted to that atmosphere.
Aside from that, after what happened
with the magazine,
I realized there would be no need
to hide things here,
which would make it
a comfortable workplace.
Hide? What else would you need to hide?
I'm the one who created that magazine.
Wha...
Maika-chan is frozen!
Maika-chan, snap out of it!
Um, then...
Come on, come back to us!
you're Hanazono Folder?
Yes.
Seriously?
And so, can I take off the week
before a deadline every two months,
the day before, during and after events?
What?
Before a deadline is "crunch time," right?
I know about that.
You're well-informed, Manager.
Amano-san, could I have a word with you?
Yes?
I don't mean to be rude...
That's too much vacation time, huh?
I'm a fan! Could I get your autograph?
Fanboy.
Hanazano Folder
To Akizuki Kouyou
Yes!
Still, I can't believe
the head of the group is a female!
I-I guess females can be pretty deep, huh?
You're a female, too, Maika-chan.
But won't it be tough writing
and drawing while also working here?
I think it'll be all right
as long as I use my time wisely.
Besides...
MATERIAL
STIMULATION
I want material stimulation.
Material!
Stimulation?
My second work
was about yuri and boys' love,
but now I'm fired up about doing
an original "normal love" story,
except there's not enough material.
So by working, you'll be able
to gather material you can use?
Yes! It seems offbeat things
happen here every day,
and more than anything...
I get to mingle with real high school girls.
Maika-chan...
You're not the newbie anymore!
Well, again, I'm looking forward
to working with you, Senpai.
Senpai?
Looking... forward to...
HISS HISS
What genre is she playing?
"Sadistic lovestruck"? "Erotic but aloof"?
Welcome.
Please have a seat anywhere you like.
I'll be right over.
A sandwich, huh?
Are there any vegetables you don't like?
Let me know and I'll remove them.
Oh, you've got crumbs
all over your mouth!
I-Is she playing some kind of character?
An "Onee-san".
She's so kind and considerate
when interacting with the customers!
Me, too... If I do my best...
Maika-san?
I know I can do it!
Sir!
There's ketchup...
on your mouth.
I'll wipe it right off of you.
U-Um...
That's a kitchen cloth.
I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Why can't I...
No, I should be able to do it, too!
I know I can do it!
Sir!
On your sandwich,
are there any vegetables you don't like,
or do you have a favorite topping?
Okay, then hold the pickles
and I'll have extra tomatoes.
Understood!
Hold the pickles, extra tomatoes...
Extra pickles, hold the tomatoes...
Akizuki-san!
HOLD THE TOMATOES
EXTRA PICKLES
Hold the tomatoes, extra pickles!
SADISTIC
It's packed with pickles!
Maika-san...
Your sadism was spot on today,
making you more popular than ever!
How?
I tried to be like Miu-san,
but why isn't it working?
It's all because of these eyes, isn't it?
Seeing you in action today,
I don't think it was just the eyes.
When the girl I like is depressed,
it's my job to console her!
That's what a gentleman does!
Maika-san...
I like how you're unintentionally sadistic.
That's part of your charm,
so please don't feel down.
Manager...
Consoling her worked that fast?
M-M-M-Mai!
Manager...
You have gentle eyes, huh?
MUDDY                                         MUDDY
Extremely gentle eyes.
Anything could be forgiven
with those kind, gentle eyes.
I wish I could trade
to get your gentle eyes.
What are you saying?
Please give me those gentle eyes.
I don't need a yandere character!
Weird shop, isn't it?
No, it's fun.
Besides...
I'm sure I can use this!
Really?
So what are you gonna do next?
A lovestruck sadist and a weakling
in a hardcore story!
Lovestruck sadist?
Manga centered around girls
Compressed Folder
Hanazono Folder.
Oh, Maika...
Good morning, Mafuyu-san!
Morning.
It's unusual for us to meet
right outside the café.
Yeah. Where are Kaho-san and the others?
What? It's really okay?
Yes!
Sounds like they're already here.
I can't believe it! I can't believe it!
You're reading a dirty magazine again?
It's not dirty!
It's for the general reader!
In that case, okay.
Kaho-san kept saying she really
wanted to read one of my doujinshi.
But it was hard
tracking down this magazine.
Was it sold out?
No, that's not why.
IF IT SAYS 18-RESTRICTED DON'T
LOOK AT IT UNTIL YOU'RE 18
Most of my work is "18-restricted."
So there isn't much for the general reader.
Oh, is that right?
This doujinshi is based
on an old popular RPG!
I played it just recently,
so this is fresh to me!
Oh, that brings back memories.
It was really hard making that magazine.
Because there are so many characters?
And I bet it was difficult
because of all their equipment, right?
Oh, that's not why.
I got into a dispute with my co-creator
over a shipping situation.
We even had to go our separate ways.
Th-That happened
just because of creative differences?
But years later, we worked on a different genre
but with the same shipping,
and the hatchet was buried.
Differences of opinion in shipping and
favorite characters often leads to quarreling.
Did that kind of thing
happen to you, too, Mafuyu-san?
In middle school.
At the time, there was
a really popular male idol duo,
but our whole class was split in half
over which one they favored.
That sounds really scary.
Now I do original stories,
so it's peaceful without any conflicts.
But now I have to come up
with everything from scratch,
and that's tough in its own way.
But...
it's all been solved
now that I've come here!
Thank you!
H-Huh?
Maika-san, your interactions with your boyfriend
have given me creative inspiration!
Maika-san and her boyfriend?
Huh?
Manager, were you eavesdropping?
N-No!
I happened to be walking by
and overheard "boyfriend"!
Do you want us to call the police again?
No! You've got it wrong!
Do you have a criminal record?
M-More importantly, Maika-san...
i-i-i-is it true you have a boyfriend?
No, I don't have a boyfriend.
Manager!
Huh?
Um...
Aren't Maika-san and the manager dating?
Uh-uh, nope.
What gave you that idea?
They both have the same strap.
Also, when the manager talks to Maika-san,
his voice gets super-high.
He blushes and gives off this glow!
And...
most of all, I feel his crush on her!
But right now, it's a one-way street
for the manager, huh?
Yeah, he might as well tell her how—
If he told her and she rejected him,
it would be strained mood,
and if she reciprocated,
this interesting story would be over,
leaving only conceiving and netorare.
But in this situation,
if they're not going out...
let's let them be free a little longer!
You're a likable character, huh?
Sorry, everyone, for making a fuss.
What would you do if Miu quit
because of your outburst?
Exactly!
It's okay.
Miu-san, you look like a quiet older sister,
but then you easily join the mood.
The big gap between the two surprises me!
My friends often tell me,
"If only you kept your mouth shut,
people would think you were normal."
These are your friends?
You know a lot about various things,
so instead of a older sister, you seem
more like a teacher character to me.
A teacher character!
I like it!
I'll teach you the proper way
to eat a hot dog.
Onee-san will...
t-e-a-c-h you.
Maybe like that?
Where did you get that doll...
Forget it! No way!
That would make this
a different kind of place!
You're serious for once.
You're right. Sorry.
My habit of daydreaming
got away from me.
If I allowed that kind of cosplay,
Maika-san would...
become a maid character!
Now you're letting
your daydream run wild, Manager.
I take back what I said
about being serious.
A maid! That's a good idea!
You would be a maid?
Maids are a part of English history!
Experiencing what it's like to be one
would probably be helpful
for understanding other countries!
Is Maika-san not an ordinary person?
Well, she's more of an overseas nerd
than your average person.
If Maika-san is the maid, then
the manager can be the master.
No, the butler is better!
A blond butler!
The perfect English gentleman!
That suits you
more than sleeping in the kitchen!
Th-That isn't sleeping!
It's preparing myself to stay up late
and watch anime or how can I put...
Hey.
Never mind that, just get things ready!
This is, um...
We're opening in a few minutes!
Jeez, this guy...
Manager! Manager!
The butler can't be the manager.
But a butler's uniform is cool, isn't it?
I'd like to try wearing one once!
What are you talking about?
Silliness aside, we need to get to work.
Huh?
Where's Miu-san?
Sorry! When I saw Maika-san and the manager,
I had a flash of inspiration!
That's great! My hand
won't stop moving! It won't stop!
Get yourself under control
and ready for work.
It keeps going!
MANGA TIME KIRARA
Manga Time Kirara!
SKILLED BUTLER?
At a glance, he looks skilled.
Actually, he's a weakling otaku butler!
OTAKU
CUTE
MAID
She's a cute maid but a sadist!
SADISTIC
The two of them star
in a new kind of romantic comedy,
"The Sadistic Lovestruck Maid
and the Weakling Butler," starting now!
READ IT IN MANGA TIME KIRARA
ON SALE THE 27th OF EVERY MONTH!!
On sale the 27th of every month...
HOUBUNSHA
Stop!
That's not going to start, ever!
Another day of hard work!
Good job!
Manager, what are you guys looking at?
I'm tallying the results for a survey
I've had out since last week.
What are customers saying?
"Mafuyu-chan is cute."
"I'm in love with Mafuyu-chan."
"The younger sister character,
Mafuyu-chan, is awesome.
I wish I could take her home."
The younger sister character type is powerful.
If only they knew... Ignorance is bliss.
And he who knows but speaks about it
must be fearless.
Th-They write about Kaho-san, too!
What do they say?
"When I was stuck in a game,
she helped me get through it."
"I want to thank her
for always playing in co-op mode with me."
You play video games a little too much
while working?
Th-That's part of interacting
with the customers.
I-It's not like I wanted to play video games!
I don't need you
to get tsundere on me now.
Here's one for Akizuki-san!
Who'd have a comment for the kitchen staff?
"I catch quick glances
of a handsome man in the kitchen.
I wish he would interact
with the customers.
Playing a man in his 20s."
You! What does that reaction mean?
H-Hey, s-stop...
We already got comments on Miu-san.
"The new older sister character is nice,
but to me,
it feels like something is missing."
Missing? What could that be?
I think she's a kind, perfect older sister.
Well, the customers
at this kind of shop are picky.
I know what it is!
An Onee-san character
should have big boobs!
That's where I'm lacking!
What's she talking about?
I don't know.
And here's a comment about Maika-san!
Me?
There are many comments
from customers who want you to be...
more sadistic.
SHAKE                                               SHAKE
M-More sadistic...
The way you should never treat customers!
If you agree that the customers
are dissatisfied, you should improve.
What could she do
to become more sadistic?
Maybe use stronger language.
Maika...
You're back again, you scum-bug?
You'll make the table and chair filthy,
so sit on the ground.
Try saying that.
I can't talk like that!
It's part of the job.
R-Right.
Y-You've come back again?
Y-You Trashy I-insect-san...
Y-You'll make the table and chair filthy,
s-so sit on the floor... please.
I'm sorry!
I can't do it!
Stop being so polite
when you talk.
I've got it!
Why don't we all help Maika-san
with special sadist training?
What?
Stay there on your hands and knees
and grovel!
I love her dark side stilettos!
Go! Get 'em! Yay! Yay!
No meals or washing hands
until he falls in love with someone
he doesn't love?
It's a kind of training.
Shut up, potato! Take this!
Scum-bug, gutter-bug,
dung beetle, vomit bitch turd...
dung beetle, vomit bitch turd!
Now it's just your turn, Miu-san.
What are you going to use?
Scum-bug, gutter-bug,
dung beetle, vomit bitch turd!
This photo album I bought
for reference materials.
Scum-bug, gutter-bug,
dung beetle, vomit bitch turd!
Hang in there, Sakuranomiya!
Fight, Maika-san!
Scum-bug, gutter-bug,
dung beetle, vomit bitch turd!
Everyone, she emerges at last!
The new sadistic Maika-san!
Sadistic?
More like a queen.
So, Maika-san!
Show them what's new about you—
Ouch!
Would you please not say my name
with that stinking breath?
S-Sure.
She's powered up but still polite?
Is this okay?
It's fine!
Chair.
Right!
Please!
Why?
Hup!
As I thought.
Maika-san is bold.
I'm hungry.
Wh-What would you like to eat?
Could you at least
come up with that by yourself?
I'm sorry!
I'll make something right away,
so please give me ten minutes!
Three minutes.
What?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You made it?
Yes!
Are you telling me to eat something
you made with those filthy hands?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
We can't unleash this on the customers.
I'm sorry my hands are filthy!
Yeah...
I'm sorry my breath stinks!
It'd make this
a different kind of shop, huh?
This is a change for the worse.
Even though we're the ones who did it.
Sakuranomiya!
Don't worry about being sadistic anymore!
That's right! Just be yourself
and smile at the customers!
Smile!
Smile...
So I don't have to be
sadistic anymore then, right?
No, some of our customers
are looking for that,
so keep a certain level of it.
Manager! I can smile at the customers, right?
Y-Yes.
That's fine. But...
...first, please move your foot.
At last! At last!
I'm free to interact
with the customers seriously!
With a dazzling smile and superior service,
I'll please all of the customers!
Excuse me.
Have some water.
Thank you.
Service without a moment's delay!
Go ahead.
Go ahead!
Okay!
SHIVER                                                                                                                          SHIVER
WATER TORTURE!
Water torture!
RAINY AND                    THEN WINDY
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kind of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kind of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
are't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono, burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?